[Music]
Haley's going on
I don't know sir
the agent got a telegram and it just
said he is coming he gave the time at a
train
who the hell is he I don't know sir some
men changed their times one man changed
the world for all time
my name is Gandhi Mohandas K Gandhi well
whoever you are we don't want you here I
suggest you get back on that train
before it leaves they seem to want me
Columbia Pictures presents a Richard
Attenborough film Gandhi one hundred
thousand Englishmen simply cannot
control three hundred and fifty million
Indians if those Indians refused to
cooperate
the story of one man whose voice spoke
out for millions we must prove from his
humble beginnings here an ambitious man
mr. Gandhi I hope not to his ultimate
triumph he was the conscience of all
mankind where is injustice I always
believed in fighting I will fast as a
penance for my part in arousing such
emotions and I will not stop until they
stop his torment ended a nation
suffering I remember that all through
history the way of truth and love has
always won his greatest weapon was peace
in this course
I too am prepared to die
there is no cause for which I am
prepared to kill I want to change their
minds not kill them for weaknesses we
all possess
required to stop it and stop it we will
if you take my husband to speak in this
place I want to document coldly
rationally what is being done here
I believe non-cooperation with evil is a
duty and that British rule of India is
evil nevertheless it is my duty to
sentence you to six years imprisonment
since your arrest
the riots have hardly stopped if we
obtain our freedom by murder and
bloodshed I want no part of it poverty
is the worst form of violence but do you
really believe you could use
non-violence against someone like you
what you cannot do is accept injustice
from Hitler or anyone you must make the
injustice visible Gandhi according you
Mahatma great so starring Martin Sheen
what if they don't arrest you what they
don't react at all the function of a
civil resister is to provoke response
Sir John Gielgud mr. Gandhi will find it
takes a great deal more than a pinch of
salt to bring down the British Empire
Edward Fox my intention was to inflict a
lesson that would have an impact
throughout all India Ian Charleson what
mr. Gandhi has forced us to do is ask
questions about ourselves Candice Bergen
you're a temptress just an admirer
nothing's more dangerous Trevor Howard
John Mills rohini hattangadi and
introducing Ben Kingsley as Mohandas
Gandhi
[Music]
he offered the world away out of madness
men honored him women loved him
an empire feared him a nation worshipped
him Albert Einstein said generations to
come will scarce believe that such a one
as this ever in flesh and blood walked
upon this earth Gandhi a world
[Applause]
[Music]